# CS-350-EmbeddedSystems
Uses Embedded C to control a TI Board

There are two separate projects in this repository. One project (gpiointerrupt2) is a GPIO demonstration where the Red and Green LEDs spell out SOS or OK in Morse code depending on the buttons pressed. The other project (gpiointerrupt) is a mock furnace that utilizes GPIO, I2C, UART, and Timers. GPIO programs the switches and LEDs, I2C programs the temperature reading system, UART communicates between the microcontroller and the computer, and the timer loops the three together. What I felt I did particularly well with during these projects was utilizing what I learned during the class to execute the correct sequence of requirements for each project. There are many different things in embedded C that I could improve on. One specific item on the list is experience. Making more projects to improve my overall knowledge of embedded C is one way that I could improve my skills in embedded C and programming in general. Embedded C/Embedded Systems knowledge can allow me to build up my repertoire with embedded systems and give me a greater background in the field. One skill that I think is especially transferable to any other future projects is learning to read the documentation. Unless you are making everything from scratch, you will likely be using libraries that other people have crafted. You need to learn to read and understand the documentation they provide to help gain an understanding of their libraries. For my project specifically, making my projects maintainable, readable, and adaptable is pretty simple. Document each different implementation you make in the code. An example of this is if you program an S (Morse code) in LED, state as a comment that you did so.
